FACT: You are having a birthday because Chuck Norris decided to let you live another year!
When the Hulk sees Chuck Norris, he turns back into Bruce Banner.
Chuck Norris got a blackjack with only one card
Chuck Norris went to the super bowl with only himself.
Chuck Norris crouches down, puts his head between his legs, and charges up his super-sonic spin attack that can kill instantly and destroy whole buildings. That's how he rolls.
Chuck Norris once look down at all the destruction and chaos he had caused and he thought it ..... GOOD
Cocaine is really just Chuck Norris's dandruff
When the Lone Ranger & Tonto challenged Chuck Norris to a game of 8 ball, Chuck Norris racked thier balls.
Chuck Norris easily on the latest 'Iron Chef America' contest when he prepared and served the judges a knuckle sandwich loaded with C-4.
Chuck Norris cum is bottled and sold as a strong alcoholic beverage in Greece. The greeks call this drink "ouzo".
Chuck Norris can bowl a 300. In four frames.
Chuck Norris is never in a DMV longer than two minutes. Most of this time is him shooting the shit with the staff!
In case you are wondering... Chuck Norris' spurs have INDEED slit thousands of throats and killed dozens of horses.
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could Chuck Norris? Woodchucks are now extinct
How much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood? As much wood as Chuck Norris wants it to.
Chuck Norris has proven we are alone in the universe. We eren't before his first space expidition.
If Chuck Norris is in your hometown your SCREWED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
When Chuck Norris walks into a party, everyone immediately has an orgasm... even the men.
Chuck Norris won the America's Cup sailing in a rubber raft.
Chuck Norris has a devil-may-be-terrified-of-me attitude.
A black hole singularity is actually the end result of a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
the last person to survive a roundhouse kick by Chuck Norris was michael jackson. then he turned white
Chuck Norris put humpty dumpty back together again, only to roundhouse kick him in the face
All of Chuck Norris' fingers are trigger fingers.
Chuck Norris puts his pants on one leg at a time, just like the rest of us. The only difference is, then he kills people.
Chuck Norris is suing the creators of Facebook, for stealing the name of his personal collection of facial tissue he ripped off from people he met with bad manners.
If Chuck Norris roundhouse kick Bruce banner he would not get angry, he would be cured and never again will transform in the hulk, cause Chuck Norris kicks have healing properties. Either you get cured or die
Chuck Norris can build a plane out of MacGuyver.
Clearly, the Iranians don't know that Chuck Norris is a Jew.
Chuck Norris doesn't worship Buddah,Buddah worships Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once had pink eye. It is more commonly known as the black death.
The National Weather Service was going to name a hurricane after Chuck Norris but television stations would not allow them to call it "Hurricane Fuck'em Up Chuck".
Chuck Norris hates land mines because everytime he steps on one he has to go out buy a new pair of boots.
Chuck Norris can destroy a falling piano with a dime.
Chuck Norris' tears cure cancer...shame he never cries
Chuck Norris can binary search unsorted data.
Chuck Norris CAN whisper bloody murder. Damn it.
Chuck Norris is better than Ash Ketchum because Ash didn't catch all the Pokemon yet.
The 'Chuck Norris Defense' always holds up in court. Always.
Chuck Norris starts his day with 6 live chickens two cows, three pigs and a boiling hot cup of pure fury
A mugger thought he was going to take Chuck Norris' money. His funeral is tomorrow.
Chuck Norris slapped the black out of Michael Jackson
jagger moves like Chuck Norris
The U.S. Coast Guard has recognized Chuck Norris' gonads and nut sack as a legal personal floatation device.
Chuck Norris brushes his teeth with a machine gun and flosses with a lightsaber.
