Chuck Norris' nut is macadamia flavored.
Chuck Norris likes Apples for dessert ... especially Macbook Pros and Airbooks
In Left 4 Dead: If you startle the witch she runs to you and kills you. If Chuck norris startle the witch she tries to run away but always ends up being raped and roundhouse kicked to death
As an infant, Chuck Norris' parents gave him a toy hammer. He gave the world Stonehenge.
Chuck Norris can access the DB from the UI.
Chuck Norris's skateboard has 22" spinning rims.
God helps those who help themselves. Chuck Norris slaughters lazy assholes by the thousand.
Chuck Norris has never used a #2 pencil. Only #1 is acceptable to him.
Chuck Norris once counted to infinity- ininity times. For god's sake don't ask how that is possible.
Willy Wonka gave an everlasting gobstopper to Chuck Norris. The flavor lasted 2.3 seconds.
Everybody wears Superman pijamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pijamas.
Chuck Norris gave 5 of his old watches to some teenages. Those teenagers are now known as the Power-Rangers
Chuck Norris killed Zeus in a poker game with a roundhouse kick to the face because Zeus was a sore loser and didn't want to give up his lightning.
When Chuck Norris was a kid, the Tooth Fairy left the keys to Fort Knox under his pillow, in exchange for a molar.
Chuck Norris once made a cannibal eat a bowl of creamed asparagus soup.
Chuck Norris discovered a new species of butterfy. The aptly named Chucknorrriscus Mortalitas (striking butterfly of death). It goes high into the air and takes a dramatic dive to crash into a human skull, literally splitting it open, giving the human only a few seconds to live after that. Then, it feeds on the human brain.
if you think the super hero's are good like superman Chuck Norris is all of them
School went to Chuck Norris.
A burglar made the mistake of surprising Chuck Norris as he was getting ready for bed. Chuck beat him to death with his toothbrush.
Chuck Norris once thought that he a hemorrhoid on his asshole. When it fell off, he discovered is was actually a huge tick that died from blood poisoning.
Chuck Norris poop is harder than rock. His turds are called "diamonds" when sold.
Chuck Norris was issued an American Express Platinum Card when he was 9. The President of American Express apologized to Chuck for making him wait so long.
Chuck Norris can drink a bucket of KFC.
Chuck Norris re-mixed P Diddy's face.
JACKSON ... PHAHAH FUCKIN HARDEST GUY IN ROCHDALE HERE REPPIN 2K9 BIG TIME,, PLUS MY SISTER IS FITTTTT !! OFFT SOME NICE PUSSY ON THAT BITCH xx CHUCK NORRIS X
Chuck Norris is the only person who can correctly pronounce emotocons.
Actions speak louder than words, unless they're Chuck Norris' words.
When Chuck Norris goes swimming sharks hear scary music.
Chuck Norris can live on the dark Side of the moon............naked
Chuck Norris kills time. With two meat cleavers.
Chuck Norris went to a fertility clinic to donate a sperm sample. There were no survivors.
Fool me once, shame on you. Fool Chuck Norris once and he will roundhouse kick you in the face.
You don't question Chuck Norris, because if you do, he'll drink a liter of liquid egg, then punch your sternum so hard that you'll vomit bloody stool.
Chuck Norris doesn't use a chainsaw to cut trees, he just stares at the tree until it falls over.
Chuck Norris don't do facebook. No one can ever poke him.
Chuck Norris drinks unholy water.
Every episode of Fear Factor is based off what Chuck Norris did last weekend.
Life is like a brutal Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. It's more spectacular than you will ever know.
Chuck Norris has a picture of himself standing in the Grand Canyon, shirtless, oiled up and holding two sub-machineguns, and surrounded by naked ladies on his passport photo.
Chuck Norris once glared at someone and the guys heart jump out of his chest out of fear. it didn't get far before Chuck Norris grabbed it and ate it. the only thing scarier than Chuck Norris glaring at you is him smiling while in the middle of a round house kick
Chuck Norris was in the US Air Force in Korea. He flew 27 kamikaze missions without a helmet.
Once upon a time Chuck Norris took a swim in the oceans, ever since it has remained salty from Chuck Norris' sweat.
Chuck Norris taught birds how to fly
Chuck Norris rickrolls Rick Astley.
There used to be a Chuck Norris-brand toilet paper...but it was taken off the market because it wouldn't take shit from anyone
Chuck Norris took a wrong turn at the zoo and found himself in with Brutus the nasty Silverback Gorilla. Brutus was then seen politely showing Chuck to the exit door.
Chuck Norris eats soup with a fork.
Chuck Norris just returned home this morning from a martial arts demonstration in Yemen.
Chuck Norris doesn't own a can opener, he just chews through the can.
Chuck Norris invented the female orgasm.
When Chuck Norris' F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter jet was struck by a ground to air missle, he ejaculated over Pakistan.
Chuck Norris doesn't just bend space-time, he can turn it into a goddamn balloon animal.
Michael Jackson invented the Moonwalk after observing Chuck Norris in a pasture while he was scraping horse shit off his boot heels.
The Sun is Chuck Norris' Snuggie
Chuck Norris doesn't even need to stop for it to be Hammer Time.
Whenever you lie, Chuck Norris pulls the wings off a fairy, then shoves it in his mouth and sucks out all the moisture.
Brahma bulls are envious of the size of all three of Chuck Norris' testicles.
Chuck Norris interned for a glue company during his creche-school going days. During that course he invented the dark matter that holds the universe together.
Particle physicists have finally developed a new atom smasher. It is called Chuck Norris's fist.
Which came first - the chicken or the egg? Chuck Norris said it was the beer which came first, the hell with these damn animals!!!
Miley Cyrus wanted a romantic relationship with Chuck Norris but in the end, she just wasn't able twerk things out with him.
