1 Chuck Norris je isprogramirao program koji nastavi raditi nakon segfault
2 Chuck Norris doesn't get flu shots because he nevers gets sick.
3 Chuck Norris will find you and he will kill you gatlin
4 J. Wellington Wimpy did pay Chuck Norris back on Tuesday for a hamburger eaten that day.
1 Wimpy made sure he reimbursed Chuck Norris the following Tuesday for the hamburger he ate that day.
2 In the medical community, death is referred to as "Chuck Norris Disease"
3 Chuck Norris always hits the G-spot with mathematical precision.
4 Chuck Norris can walk on trees.
1 As an infant, Chuck Norris' parents gave him a toy hammer. He gave the world Stonehenge.
2 Chuck Norris can put 14000 songs on a 1gb ipod
3 No one has ever spoken during review of Chuck Norris' code and lived to tell about it.
4 Chuck Norris can catch a fly with his eyelids.
1 Chuck Norris could kick a faggot straight.
2 When Bruce Banner gets mad, he turns into the Hulk. When the Hulk gets mad, he turns into Chuck Norris.
3 The new Seven Wonders of the world are: 1. Chuck Norris's left fist 2. Chuck Norris's right fist 3. Chuck Norris's left leg 4. Chuck Norris's right leg 5. Chuck Norris's manhood 6. Chuck Norris's chin 7. Chuck Norris's beard
4 Chuck Norris doesn't obey the law HE IS THE LAW!
1 Superman has x-ray vision but can't see through lead walls. Chuck Norris can't see through lead walls either, but he can see over & around lead walls because he has periscope vision.
2 Housten's problem was Chuck Norris.
3 When Chuck Norris pours milk on his rice cripsies they shut the fuck up!!!
4 A man once introduced Chuck Norris as Carlos Ray (Chuck) Norris at a Texas law enforcement convention. Scientists now have no proof that that man ever existed.
1 Chuck Norris can remove graffiti from the side of a building through micturition.
2 If Chuck Norris got a teardrop tattoo every time he killed someone, his face would've been completely black by the time he was 11.
3 Chuck Norris watches the Watchmen...
4 The Running of the Bulls is explained by the fact that the bulls are running away from Chuck Norris.
1 when Chuck Norris deos push ups he deosnt push hiself he pushes the earth down
2 Sharks have a week dedicated to Chuck Norris
3 The leaning tower of Pisa used to stand up straight. That is..... until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked it.
4 Chuck Norris doesn't listen to music. Music listens to Chuck Norris.
1 When Chuck Norris farts, it sounds like the theme to NCIS.
2 Chuck Norris' beautiful singing voice can make tanks break down.
3 Chuck Norris puts the i in team.
4 Chuck Norris invented tear gas by squeezing the stink out of a skunk.
1 There?s an order to the universe: space, time, Chuck Norris.... Just kidding, Chuck Norris is first.
2 Body armor: $2999.99 Missile launcher: $50,000.99 Getting roundhouse kicked after hitting Chuck Norris with a missile and having body armor, missile launcher and your very being disintegrate on impact: priceless. There are some things money can't buy, a life free from the constant fear of Chuck Norris is one of them.
3 Chuck Norris can text/watch videos/surf the web.... on a payphone.
4 When Chuck Norris toured Britain, it inspired the Sex Pistols to write "Anarchy In The UK".
1 Anatomy and Physiology is now the study of how and why our bodies are ultimately inferior to Chuck Norris'.
2 Chuck Norris is like a vampire. The difference is that he drinks more blood in one day than Dracula has had in 300 years.
3 Chuck Norris does not use a calendar, he decides which year it is.
4 every time Chuck Norris walks into a graveyard he simply smiles and says "good times".
1 The Swine Flu got started when a pig oinked in Chuck Norris's presence.
2 Sharks have a week dedicated to Chuck Norris
3 Chuck Norris doesnt flush the toilet he scares the shit out of it
4 Have you ever wondered why Chuck Steaks are so tough. You guessed it.Chuck Norris.
1 Chuck Norris doesnt use bullets for ammo, he uses pills for ammo
2 Chuck Norris just had an incredible threesome with Courtney Love and Yoko Ono.
3 Chuck Norris once threw a Kenworth into the Pacific Ocean. It became known as Octopus Prime.
4 Chuck Norris can finish an "all you can eat" buffet.
1 In 1508, Chuck Norris threw a tin of paint at a ceiling, ever since then thousands of people flock to see the Sistine Chapel.
2 Chuck Norris' roundhouse kick is an illusion. His right foot doesn't kick you. His left foot spins the Earth so that your head hits his foot.
3 Darwins theory of evoloution ape animal caveman human Chuck Norris
4 Chuck Norris uses Agent Orange as deoderant.
1 Ghostbusters call Chuck Norris
2 Chuck Norris can kill you with a moist towelette
3 you know that handle bars song? that singer rode his bike with no handle bars well Chuck Norris rode his handle bars with no bike.
4 As a teen, Chuck Norris had sex with every nun in a convent tucked away in the hills of Tuscany. Nine months later the nuns gave birth to the 1972 Miami Dolphins, the only undefeated and untied team in professional football history.
