Chuck Norris choked Kim Jong-Il to death with some spicy cabbage.
The quickest way to a man's heart is with Chuck Norris's fist
Chuck Norris really doesn't need the Total Gym to stay in shape and score with women. That just happens naturally.
Chuck Norris' answering machine says "I'll be at your house in 4 seconds"
Chuck Norris's "Will" will never be stronger than Chuck Norris.
NASA wants to save money so they asked Chuck Norris to kick the rockets into space and he tied a rope to the rocket to pull it back.
After sex, Chuck Norris doesn't 'spoon' with his ladies. He knifes them.
If you see Chuck Norris in the wild, he may eat right out of your hand, because Chuck Norris has no natural predators.
Chuck Norris created the world when he roundhouse kicked a meteorite that was going fifty trillion miles per second. we know that event today as the Big Bang Theory.
Chuck Norris froths his cappuccino with mountain gorilla milk.
wil murphy slapped Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris thinks that concepts such as health and safety are for little pansy men with hairless faces who wince when they drink whiskey.
If you ever insinuate that bearded men are insecure, the last thing you will ever see is Chuck Norris sprinting toward you.
Chuck Norris once finished a round of golf at 72 under par.
"The Most Intresting Man in the World" asks Chuck Norris for advice.
Chuck Norris just had an incredible lesbian orgy with Nicole Kidman, Penelope Cruz and Katie Holmes. He then mailed the footage to Tom Cruise as a birthday present.
Good Guys Wear Black. Chuck Norris wears whatever the fuck he wants.
The owl knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a toostie-roll-pop. Chuck Norris knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a 5,000 pound boulder.
If Chuck Norris was a teacher, he could literally blow your mind. Dont take his class if you want your brain. xD
Chuck Norris bought a van once with a bed in the back when a smart arse shows up and says i can't believe you did not buy a Mercedes Benz. Chuck Norris trying to stay calm says they don't make a Van the smart arse reply's i don't think you get it Mercedes Benz come with 3 inch windscreen wipers on on your headlines so you can always see where your going. Chuck Norris reply's with a smile I got a place to have sex with your daughter then round house kicked the guy
Pluto is actually an orbiting group of British soldiers from the American Revolution who entered space after the Chuck gave them a roundhouse kick to the face.
Chuck Norris is so hot that his fists have sex with his dick.
Chuck Norris once sniped 20 people with one round. Luckily he forgot the gun
The Draught of Living Death is not a magical potion or anything like it, it's not even liquid. It's the state of a human which, by some hell of an accident, survived a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
Chuck Norris got his legs cut off and still managed to get up and walk it off.
Chuck Norris' penis has a twitter page, and every day he drops it on his keyboard and then presses submit. Millions of followers.
