Chuck Norris has only vomited once. It was a giant ball of 100% pussy hair.
we truly never dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima, we just dropped Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris once found a nine-leaf clover. He ate it.
Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked Neo out of Zion, now Neo is "The Two"
Chuck Norris gouged out the "i" in team.
Chuck Norris doesn't walk home...Home walks to Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris nags and bitches at women for leaving the toilet seat DOWN.
Chuck Norris doesn't get 2-day deliveries from Amazon, he gets his order the same day
Chuck Norris invented oatmeal when he round house kicked a quaker.
I used to question Chuck Norris like you but then I took a roundhouse kick to the face.
It is a scientific fact that the only reason the 'Dark Knight' trilogy was any good was because it was directed by a guy who had the same initials as Chuck Norris.
The reason why Japan has too many disasters like the WWII bombings in Hiroshima and Nagasaki, earthquakes and tsunamis is because they always mispronounced his name in their prayers and praises as "CHUCK NOLLIS" instead of CHUCK NORRIS.
To Chuck Norris, rules and necks exist for the same reason; to be broken.
Chuck Norris has won the fifa world cup 5 times with his game face alone.
When the Lone Ranger & Tonto challenged Chuck Norris to a game of 8 ball, Chuck Norris racked thier balls.
Light travels at 186,000 miles per second to run away from Chuck Norris.
as a kid Chuck Norris beat the hell out of 1 of the beatles. next time dont piss him off.
Chuck Norris has a blood pressure reading of zero over zero. Chuck Norris has never felt any pressure.
List Of Things Chuck Norris Cannot Kill You With: tiny Minecraft slimes
Chuck Norris CAN handle the truth.
In the year 1735 a meteor was hurling towards earth. It suddenly stopped at the site of Chuck Norris. It asked Chuck Norris for his autograph, then Chuck Norris roundhoused kicked it back to space.
Chuck Norris can open a package of bacon with his morning wood.
Chuck Norris can draw cash from ATMs using UNO cards.
Chuck Norris' car wash mitt is made from Donald Trumps wig, with his head still in it.
If you think Beyounce looks hot in a bikini, wait till you see Chuck Norris in one. Your eyes will melt and your penis will explode.
Chuck is short for "Charles".......Chuck Norris is short for "I'll fuckin kill you!"
Chuck Norris can be a better villain than Freddy Krueger, Jason Voorhees, Snaptrap, Venom, Lizard, and.....well any other villain. Hes a better villain than anyone.
Chuck Norris enjoys playing backyard games with his grandchildren. They often play badminton. But instead of using little sissy racquets & a plastic birdie, they use boat oars & dead chickens.
Chuck Norris can take selfies of other people
a man knocked on Chuck Norris' door and asked for an autograph. Chuck delivered a fatal Round House. A few days later, feeling sorry he walked into his back yard and signed the head of the carcus
Chuck Norris fact: John Merrick was Chuck Norris' identical twin. Chuck kicked his brothers butt inside his mothers womb for sucking on his thumb. John Merrick is known today as the elephant man.
Chuck Norris created the alphabet just so he could spell the words "kicked your ass".
Chuck Norris is the most venomous thing on earth. After moments of getting bit, you receive the following symptoms: fever, beard rash, tightness of jeans, and the feeling of getting kicked through a car.
Chuck Norris does not fart, NOTHING escapes Chuck Norris
All Chuck Norris facts should be told in a respectful whisper, whilst laying one's palms and forehead on the floor.
"With great power comes a great beard!" - Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can solve a paradox.
Chuck Norris can eat fire and air.
AHEM... Chuck Norris Fact/Joke.
According to Chuck Norris, too much of a good thing is still a good thing...like Texas BBQ and bashing in somebody's face for instance.
The only solution for our economic recovery is Chuck Norris merchandise.
Chuck Norris killed Santa Clause, for trespassing.
Chuck Norris can sing bohemian rhapsody with his farts.
When life gives Chuck Norris lemons, he destroys an orphanage
Brian didn't survive Chuck Norris' punch- It was only a ghost who came from undeneath the table. It's hard to tell, because Brian is already white. Gee, I wonder how that happened!
Chuck Norris runs until the treadmill gets tired
To prove his mental strenght Chuck Norris listened to Metallica/Lou Reed-collaboration "Lulu" on repeat for a whole day.
Anywhere Chuck Norris eats, instantly becomes a six star restaurant
Why is Phillip's head shaped like a screwdriver? Chuck Norris.
When is Chuck Norris annoyed with you, he will cut your head and throw it to your face.
A fundamental concept in Judaism is the belief in the coming of the messiah. I'm not sure what they waiting for. Chuck Norris is already here!.
God said, "Let there be light!" to which Chuck Norris replied, "Shut the fuck up".
Chuck Norris can spit calligraphy.
Chuck Norris can exhale a huge plume of cigar smoke at any time.
Most experts are not entirely sure Chuck Norris has yet achieved self-awareness.
Chuck Norris briefly lost his erection the other day, the destruction in chile was devastating
The Titanic didnt sink because of an iceberg.. Chuck Norris just went out for a swim
Chuck Norris can give you a vasectomy with a roundhouse kick or a trombone...your choice?
Side effects to Chuck Norris sex: vagina set on fire; putting out fire with own orgasm; euphoric sobbing; broken bones; end of the Mayan Long Count Calendar; cops show up complaining about the screaming; dead cops; face shines with ethereal glory; Jeff Gordon's gay; curtain of the temple is rent in twain; all colors in the visible spectrum turn black.
Chuck Norris has the mind of an Industrial Engineer. Every Sunday after church Chuck Norris picks-up a barrel of extra crispy KFC and a DQ shake from the McDonalds drive-thru. Why? Because nobody denies Chuck Norris anything and McDonalds is closer to his house than Taco Bell.
Chuck Norris can access the DB from the UI.
Chuck Norris has a six-pack on his chin.
Chuck Norris has enough bling to make Mr. T look Amish
Chuck Norris' breath always smells like pussy. Always.
Chuck Norris keeps a shotgun in his wallet.
It can be said that Chuck Norris has a foot fetish - he loves the sight of his own foot disintegrating assholes' heads.
The only sure things in life are death and taxes. Unless you're Chuck Norris, then they're optional.
Chuck Norris found the i in team, them promptly gouged it out.
If u see Chuck Norris you should run,if u can see the bottom of his shoe its to late!
Chuck Norris' sperm is so badass, he had sex with Nicole Kidman, and 7 months later she prematurely gave birth to a Ford Excursion.
Chuck Norris created Stephen Hawking during a bowel movement,
When nature calls Chuck Norris hangs up
When Chuck Norris asks for change for a penny, he always gets it.
the reason for the boarder patrol isn't to keep illegal immigrants out because we don't want them. it to keep them out so Chuck Norris doesn't kill the for trespassing
Chuck Norris lost his virginity to a woman nearly 100 years ago. He blew his man mayo in her ears, eyes, and mouth. We know this woman by the name Helen Keller.
Chuck Norris once made a kid cry with one eye.
Chuck Norris puts the G in G-spot.
Chuck Norris killed both Biggie AND 'Pac
Chuck Norris knows all the words in the dictionary, except the word "Mercy".
Chuck Norris can be unlocked on the hardest level of Tekken. But only Chuck Norris is skilled enough to unlock himself. Then he roundhouse kicks the Playstation back to Japan.
Another way to explain a Chuck Norris Round House Kick to the face is "de-materializing."
A man woke in Intensive Care with severe injuries and no memory of what happened. An investigation determined he was hit by either a freight train or by Chuck Norris.
The reason plasma guns don't exist is because Chuck Norris hasn't donated plasma
Chuck Norris can microwave Chinese take-in containers without starting a fire
At this moment there is a fifty-fifty chance Chuck Norris is fucking your sister
Chuck Norris eats tree leafs and shits 100 dollar bills.
Chuck Norris helps out NASA by throwing astronauts into space.
Chuck Norris was born 9 months before his mother got pregnant.
Chuck Norris visited Americas Toughest Prison for a vacation. After 30 seconds of fighting, all the inmates asked to be transferred to Death Row.
Chuck Norris' pet mouse, Mr Whiskers, ate a cat.
Chuck Norris does his ironing with a steamroller.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
Chuck Norris doesn't get an arrow to the knee; the arrow gets Chuck Norris in ITS knee
Chuck Norris got a Big Mac at Subway
One time Jason Voorhees made fun of Chuck Norris during a hockey game. He roundhouse kicked Jason in the face so hard, he melded the goalie mask to his face, broke his vocal cords, and messed up his brain so much, he became a serial killer.
Chuck Norris has concealed weapons permits, so he can wear gloves.
Most women with a sore throat prefer Chuck Norris' bearded member for use as the most effective throat lozenge.
Inspired by Robert De Niro in Taxi Driver, Chuck Norris always keeps two spring-out M16s up the sleeves of his jackets.
When Chuck Norris travels from Africa to North America, he crosses through the Bermuda triangle
Chuck Norris made the president of the feminist movement his beer wench.
Chuck Norris' penis is even bigger than that.
Chuck Norris ejaculated into the ocean and created the Sperm Whale.
Just looking at a picture of Chuck Norris makes you more of a man.
Chuck Norris could land a whale with his wedding tackle.
Chuck Norris created the Sasquatch by setting fire to a Yeti with a flame thrower.
Chuck Norris knows exactly how many licks it takes to reach the center of a tootsipop.
SpongeBob SquarePants once called Chuck Norris a Crabby Patty sissy boy. An angy Chuck Norris then roundhouse kicked SpongeBob in the ass so hard that he had to legally change his name to SpongeBob NoRectumPants.
Chuck Norris use's hand sanitizer as eye drops.
Chuck Norris heard that nothing can kill him, so he tracked down nothing and killed it.
The sun doesn't shine on Chuck Norris. If it did well you know when a solar eclipse is coming.
Chuck Norris drinks a special protein shake made entirely from blended chimpanzee brains.
Chuck Norris went back in time, to show himself how to go back in time in case he ever needed to go back in time
Any questions to Chuck Norris regarding his spiritual beliefs will be met with a hearty chuckle and a savage beating.
Chuck Norris once won a trivia contest in Chicago. He was asked to name 3 Chicago area streets that rhymes with "vagina". His reply was, "Regina", "Medina" and "Lunt".
Cucumbers aren't nearly as cool as Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris killed the tiger, so now Rocky Balboa is the "Eye of Chuck Norris".
its easy to be latino lover like Chuck Norris if u stole the beauty from susan boyle
Chuck Norris won 'Jumanji' without ever saying the word. He simply beat the living shit out of everything that was thrown at him, and the game forfeited.
At various times during the making of Star Wars movies, Chuck Norris was considered for the parts of Han Solo, Luke Skywalker, Darth Vader, the Emperor, Chewbacca, Lando and Yoda. In each case he would be wearing his regular clothes and speak in his Texan drawl.
Chuck Norris once made a cannibal eat a bowl of creamed asparagus soup.
Chuck Norris does not age. Every birthday, it's just another year added to his existence, which sucks for you.
Chuck Norris can milk a bull
Chuck Norris once wrestled a huge alligator for over 9 hours before he realized that he was actually masterbating.
Chuck Norris doesn't drive, because all roads lead to Chuck Norris.
Real SAT Question: 195. Krypotnite is to Superman as _______ is to Chuck Norris. Answer: Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris wrote names in a black book.That book is known as Death Note.
Chuck Norris never needs to pay for something, things appear from nothing for him.
yea whatever colten you would know Chuck Norris thing looks like wouldnt ya
Chuck Norris doesn't get frostbite, Chuck Norris bites the frost.
Chuck Norris recently discovered that if you Build a man a fire, he'll be warm for a day. Set a man on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
Chuck Norris is Death of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse. He kills by the grace of the roundhouse kick, and he rides a bull. The others dare not question him.
Chuck Norris is all about that roundhouse kick, bout that roundhouse kick. No punches.
The color brown exists because Chuck Norris scared the shit out of while.
When Chuck Norris was born, the only person that cried was the doctor. You NEVER slap Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' sperm is so badass, he had sex with Nicole Kidman, and 7 months later she prematurely gave birth to a Ford Excursion.
Chuck Norris threw his first paper aeroplane age 4... It landed yesterday.
Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can walk on Jesus.
Once Chuck Norris had the weakest hand while playing a High stakes game of 7 card stud. The other players were too afraid to tell him, that's how Razz was invented.
A burglar made the mistake of surprising Chuck Norris as he was getting ready for bed. Chuck beat him to death with his toothbrush.
During the Vietnam War, Chuck Norris allowed himself to be captured. For torture, they made him eat his own entrails. He asked for seconds.
Chuck Norris won the Texas state lottery by turning in a bingo card.
Chuck Norris' iPad has flash.
WHEN WE'RE HUNGRY CHUCK NORRIS WILL KEEP US ALIVE
Chuck Norris showed Paloma Faith that roundhouse kicks also hurt like love.
Chuck Norris once had an awkward moment. Just to see what it feels like.
Chuck Norris doesn't have chest hairs: he has a series of venemous anemenites that, if sting you, can cause mental retardation
Every one of Chuck Norris' restaurants specialize in serving piping-hot knuckle sandwiches to anyone who dares to complain.
Chuck Norris likes to bring a knife to a gunfight.
meteors, there is no such thing those are the victims that being roundhouse kicked by Chuck Norris
Most critics agree that the main failing of The Expendables 3 is its inexcusable lack of Chuck Norris.
China was once bordering the United States, until Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked it all the way through the Earth.
Chuck Norris can touch MC Hammer
Wheaties are actually flash dried Chuck Norris boogers.
Chuck Norris is the reason waldo is hiding
Chuck Norris is gay. By saying that sentence, my life expectancy is down to three secon
Jesus' last words, before giving up the ghost in Aramaic were "Eloi Eloi lama sabachthani". The approximate translation into modern English: Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris, please don't roundhouse kick me!
Chuck Norris can't live forever, forever died two years ago.
Chuck Norris always finds a treasure chest of gold coins in a box of Cracker Jack.
James Cameron did not make Avatar Chuck Norris did he made it from a Text Message.
Each hair in Chuck Norris's beard contributes to make the world's largest DDOS.
Chuck Norris invented time, so people know when theirs is up.
Chuck Norris falls in a pit with hundreds of Rattlesnakes. The next day he emerges with Rattleskin boots,belt,hat,jacket and noticeable weight gain.
When Chuck Norris walks into a bar, he automatically owns all the women inside and instantly has an infinite tab.
Chuck Norris' favorite video is the tape from the movie "the ring" Ironically, if you watch the movie "sidekicks", and dont like it, Chuck Norris will roundhouse kick you and when they find your corpse, your face will look the same as the people who died from watching the tape in "the ring".
A signed picture of Chuck Norris' last colonoscopy now fetches over twenty thousand US dollars on Ebay.
Chuck Norris won an arm wrestling contest with both hands tied behind his back
Chuck Norris is faster than Lightning.
Chuck Norris can kill you with his eyebrow.
Steven Seagal once took a swing at Chuck Norris. Seagal now runs like a girl in ever film he's in.
Chuck Norris doesn't see the glass as half-full or half-empty... he simply kills the asshole who didn't pour him a full beer.
When someone tells Chuck Norris the world doesn't revolve around him, they start floating away.
Chuck Norris can play the violin...on the piano.
Chuck Norris invented time travel. He's roundhouse kicked 170,000 people into next week thus far.
Chuck Norris does not eat Honey, he eats the bees
Chuck Norris was hiking in the Pacific Northwest when a Sasquatch had the misfortune of coming face to face with him. Chuck beat the Sasquatch silly then ate his lunch.
BB guns are considered nonlethal weapons...except when in the hands of Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris was in Terminator 2. He was Judgement Day.
Jesus can walk on water, but Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris got a new pet for his birthday. So far, he has taught his Tasmanian Devil to fetch, roll over and sit.
Directors don't say "Cut" around Chuck Norris, because that's what he might do.
Chuck Norris is so ruthless, he will punch out any old bitch named Ruth on sight.
God help the man who disagrees with Chuck Norris. Or not, because God's afraid of him, too.
Chuck Norris can put his contact lenses in while blindfolded.
Confucius say, wise man not stand infront of Brahma Bull; not stand behind mule; not stand infront, behind, or beside Chuck Norris.
Freddy Krueger can't sleep because he is afraid of Chuck Norris appearing in his dreams.
When Chuck Norris stares at the sun, the sun blinks.
Remember the big bang theory, that day Chuck Norris got pissed.
Chuck Norris once kicked a football into outer space and martians came down to return it.
Chuck Norris can write a haiku with one syllable.
Once, after chugging a gallon of Captain Morgan Rum, Chuck Norris french kissed a transexual frog. Nine month later, Chaz Bono was born.
Chuck Norris is the man that shot Liberty Valance and JR
When Chuck Norris plays Monopoly, he never has to go to Jail, not pass Go and not collect $200.
Chuck Norris once had a dandruff problem, we call the product cocaine
Once Chuck Norris played Super Mario and he never loses a life.
How much wood can a woodchuck chuck, if a woodchuck chuck could chuck wood? This question is irrelevant. A relevant question would be "How many trees can Chuck Norris kick the woodchuck through"?
The Chuck Norris Facts sites are actually pages taken from Chuck Norris daily diary
Chuck Norris takes less shit than a drip-fed colonectomy patient.
Chuck Norris energy drink is liquid nitrogen!
Chuck Norris doesn't need a compiler like Visual Studio to compile code. Code compiles for him out of pure trepidation. This includes code on paper!
Chuck Norris is probably watching you right now. Don't turn around.
Chuck Norris does not mow his lawn. He simply stares at the grass and dares it to grow
Chuck Norris won a stareing contest in his sleep.
Chuck Norris became Grand ChessMaster when he defeated his opponents only by using one piece (his leg) and on his first move (the roundhouse kick). He never lost.
Batman, Spiderman, and Superman were at a wall when Chuck Norris walked up. "We Super Heroes can climb, scale, or use X-ray vision to see through this wall. What can you do Chuck Norris?" Chuck Norris turned and looked at the Wall which then let out a horrific scream, "Oh Hell NO! I am out of here!"
Jabba owes Chuck Norris money.
Chuck Norris can ram your teeth so far down your throat that you will need to sit on your food just to eat it.
When Chuck Norris has a cavity he drills out the tooth with his cordless drill and uses melted lead for a filling.
Chuck Norris can down a shot before he even orders it.
The Terminator movies were written specifically with Chuck Norris in mind for the title role, and was originally called the Walkernator. The only differences were that the T-800 would always wear a cowboy hat and smoke cigars.
There's three poles in the world. The North Pole, The South Pole, and Chuck Norris' Pole
some say Chuck Norris penis has abs. little do they know that Chuck Norris abs have penises
Chuck Norris don't have an adam's apple. He has throat testicles.
Chuck Norris knows what you did last summer.
The original phrase "balls to the wall" was in reference to anytime Chuck Norris entered a building smaller than an aircraft hanger
when Chuck Norris plays madden 2012 he plays on all-chuck
Chuck Norris was supposed to star in the TV show 'Man vs Wild', but the network did not want kids thinking 'lava is safe to eat'.
Considering the rate at which his chest hair has spread to engulf most of his face, one must assume that Chuck Norris is going to look like a Wookiee by the end of this decade.
Pavlov used to shit his pants every time Chuck Norris rang his doorbell.
South American tribesmen coat their blowdart tips in Chuck Norris' sweat.
If Chuck Norris where to meet Arnold Schwarzenegger the world would end of the action packed that would follow
If Chuck Norris eats anything with the color green, he will shit a billion dollars.
Chuck Norris once actually made it rain cats and dogs just so he could solve a mouse problem.
Chuck Norris does not get frostbite. Chuck Norris bites frost
Chuck Norris does not scream while riding rollercoasters, rollercoasters scream while being ridden by Chuck Norris.
Lindsay Lohan once swam through 150 yards of the Fort Worth, TX sewer system just to get a peek of Chuck Norris' asshole while he was taking a shit.
Chuck Norris broke the speed of sound. With his elbow.
when Chuck Norris plays madden 2012 he plays on all-chuck
Death Once Had&#65279; A Near Chuck Norris Experience
Chuck Norris has nine toes on each foot
If Chuck Norris were to write a book it would read like the obituary.
your life will flash before your eyes. that means Chuck Norris has roundhoused you
The last guy to play frisbee with Chuck Norris was actually Bob Dole.
Chuck Norris can squeeze cream from a crop
CHUCK NORRIS WILL KILL YOU ALL!
When Chuck Norris is a contestant on "Jeopardy," he can answer in any form he damn well chooses.
Chuck Norris uses waffle-makers as foot spas.
Chuck Norris can't use Twitter, because he is doing everything, everywhere, all the time. It would break the Internet.
Chuck Norris' sperm is so badass, he had sex with Nicole Kidman, and 7 months later she prematurely gave birth to a Ford Excursion.
Chuck Norris doesn't rape... No one says no to Chuck Norris!!
Chuck Norris doesn't need help, help needs Chuck Norris.
I used to question Chuck Norris like you but then I took a roundhouse kick to the face.
When you die, Chuck Norris will find your grave and roundhouse kick you.
Neil Armstrong finally wore out Chuck Norris' patience.
If Chuck Norris has 3 pieces of pizza, and you take two away..... you have about 1 second to give them back..
Whiteboards are white because Chuck Norris scared them that way.
Chuck Norris can eat the flesh of banana without peeling it.
Every hair on Chuck Norris' beard represents the soul of a victim
Chuck Norris doesnt play russian rulet with a revolver... he plays with a .50cal desert eagle
Did you ever think at random "hey I feel like I already been through this in past" where you actually haven't? It's just Chuck Norris rewinding life so he can watch it again.
Little known medical fact: Chuck Norris invented the Caesarean section when he roundhouse-kicked his way out of his monther's womb.
The Chicago Cubs just signed Chuck Norris to a one year $2.5 billion contract thus assuring a 2012 World Series title. The contract, however, is contingent upon the Cubs also signing Albert Pujols...as Chuck's personal batboy.
Wayne Gretzky is so great because Chuck Norris was a good friend of his. He just wouldn't admit it publically, b/c Chuck Norris felt that it's about time that anyone else but him got the attention. The media is that fucking annoying.
Chuck Norris breaks hockey sticks over his shins.
The Japanese surrendered in 1945 not because of the atomic bomb, but because they heard Chuck Norris was about to be unleashed upon them.
Chuck Norris maks your average lumberjack look like a hairdresser.
Chuck Norris can hit a barn door with a broad's side.
Chuck Norris cut his own umbilical cord
Chuck Norris doesn't snowboard the mountain just moves beneath Chuck Norris
Helen Keller screamed Chuck Norris's name when she had sex.
It has been said that Chuck Norris has "the eye of the tiger". He also has the eyes of a badger, a tarantula, a komodo dragon. an octopus, 3 bald eagles and an aardvark. He keeps them all in a Claussen dill pickle jar hidden under his bed for safe keeping.
it's easier to fight the death than to fight Chuck Norris
If Michael Jackson can moonwalk, Chuck Norris can run on the sun.
When Chuck Norris Sleeps his nightmares become reality for all the world to see. Fortunately he never sleeps....ever.
Chuck Norris can lick his own elbow
Nuck Chorris has a fascination with Chuck Norris' penis!!
Chuck Norris was asked his opinion of the Democratic and Republican presidential candidates. Chuck said all of them are about as useless as zombie puke.
Chuck Norris likes his coffee half and half: half coffee grounds, half wood-grain alcohol.
CHUCK NORRIS LIKES GREEN EGGS AND HAM FOR MARTHUR LUTHER KING DAY
IT ONLY TO 1 SHOT FOR CHUCK NORRIS TO BECOME 15 PRESTEIGE
Chuck Norris can get blood out of a stone.
Chuck Norris invented the hoverboard. But he only uses it as a coffee table.
Chuck Norris writes all the lyrics for Cannibal Corpse. And are all based on personal experiences.
Chuck Norris can use bulldozer to knock a mosquito off of a bright red macaque's ass.
Great minds think like Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris was not made by god.God was made by Chuck Norris
Mike wants to be like Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris "Hit the Road" and came back
When Chuck Norris steps on a scale and it reads 205, that's not his weight in pounds....that's how many people he's killed.....since stepping on the scale.
Bill Gates recently received a video tape of Chuck Norris holding up Steve Jobs' severed head and repeating 'you're next, egghead'.
Tigers developed stripes as an evolutionary strategy. Chuck Norris made them an endangered species anyway.
Chuck Norris can hit a barn door with a broad's side.
Jean-Claude Van Damme once attempted to throw a Chuck Norris Roundhouse Kick. He was immediately arrested for fraud.
Chuck Norris busted Phineas and Ferb
One time the Enterprise needed to exceed warp 9 speed, so Chuck Norris round house kicked it. The Enterprise warped out of existence.
Chuck Norris has bagged a shit load of oscars, and that's from cameo roles alone.
Chuck Norris once got a 500 game in bowling. Without a ball. Or pins. Or oxygen. And nobody has ever worked up the courage to ask him how.
Chuck Norris is the general of soulja boy
E equals M C squared. Chuck Norris equals death, period.
Chuck Norris can swallow a bannana and make you look gay.
Many cinemas in the south-west feature sold-out all-night marathons of Chuck Norris' Total Gym infomercials.
Chuck Norris can see 3D in TV without wearing glasses.
#shanimalrocks Chuck Norris mmmmhhh...inna BAdWay!
When Chuck Norris snaps his fingers in your face, you shit your pants.
Chuck Norris started shaving at six months
Jimi Hendrix played a guitar. Chuck Norris played Jimi Hendrix
In Soviet Russia, Chuck Norris is pretty much the same: inexpressibly awesome.
Chuck Norris eventually found God, terrified and in phoetal position. NO ONE hides from Chuck Norris.
The following is the complete list of things Chuck Norris cannot do:
Chuck Norris doesn't need an axe or saw to cut down a tree -- he needs only his foot, or his fist, or his glare.
That Russian meteor wasn't a meteor. It was a Chuck Norris sperm. The shockwave was the orgasm. The unlucky women were your mom, sister, aunt, and daughter.
Contrary to popular belief, the first Thanksgiving was actually celebrated in 34,587 B.C. after an ancestor of Chuck Norris stabbed to death a Teradactyl that was attacking Fred Flintstone.
Chuck Norris has 786397348052577686876845967 experience points on Minecraft. It has probably already increased.
Chuck Norris can drown water
Chuck Norris can solve a paradox.
Chuck Norris is actually a sensitive, caring lover... because he knows that if he doesn't kill you immediately after, you will be in constant agony knowing you will NEVER have it better.
Chuck Norris once wrestled a huge alligator for over 9 hours before he realized that he was actually masterbating.
Lots of guys consider themselves to be bad-asses. Chuck Norris circumcised himself when he was 10 days old.
Chuck Norris can win at the game Battleship by simply banging Rihanna.
Chuck Norris beat the hell out of Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson with a plank of wood.
Chuck Norris can perform a three-point turn. With a tractor trailer. In an alley.
Chuck Norris was asked if he had heard of Pandora's Box? Chuck said "heard of it, I saw her box when I screwed Pandora".
Most people call in bomb threats. Chuck Norris calls in himself threats. And gets away with it.
If Chuck Norris wants your opinion, he'll beat it into you.
It used to be called goodminton before Chuck Norris tried it.
Chuck Norris went on the All-Pussy diet. He gained 6,000 tonnes.
What Chuck Norris calls a "chaser" is what you and I call "cobra venom".
And just who were Rage Against The Machine killing in the name of? Chuck Norris.
All the religions of the world believe that reading Chuck Norris facts aloud daily increases your chances of surviving till the next day.
Chuck Norris invented The Kama Sutra.
Chuck Norris can derive the slope of a vertical line.
Chuck Norris has the ability to never think arby's
Chuck Norris took his dog to the vet. The doctor neutered himself.
Chuck Norris' Penis is a third degree blackbelt, and an honorable 32nd-degree mason.
As a one-man band, Chuck Norris can do note-perfect renditions of Slipknot songs.
the situation didn't name himself,Chuck Norris roundhouses him and made him have a situation
If there was a game about Chuck Norris you'd be scared to play it because every time you'd open it up it would roundhouse kick you in the balls.
Chuck Norris can eat fire and air.
Chuck Norris loves your mother.
Chuck Norris doesn't say "who's your daddy", because he knows the answer.
Chuck Norris uses Wikileaks as a Recycle bin
When all else fails.....Chuck Norris doesn't.
Unlike Santa Claus, Chuck Norris doesn't need to check his list twice.
Sharks go Chuck Norris diving
Air cannot be seen because it is hiding from Chuck Norris.
Guns don't kill people. Chuck Norris kills People.
They say that the size and value of a man's car is inversely proportional to the size of his manhood. That must be why Chuck Norris usually gets around on a pair of rollerskates. And a wheelbarrow.
Chuck Norris turned the wine back into water.
During a recent talk show interview Chuck Norris was asked what he thought of Justin Bieber. Chuck said he thought Bieber was a waste of perfectly good toilet paper.
The Kama Sutra is loosely based on Chuck Norris' experience with his 2nd grade school teacher.
Chuck Norris ripped off Hugh Jackman's claws and shoved them up his ass.
Chuck Norris can give both men and women boners
There is great debate over whether The Book Of Chuck (written by Chuck Norris in 1989) should be included in the Bible. It mostly contains stories of Norris' sexual conquests and his overall Godliness, but the occasional philosophy contained within easily renders the rest of the books obsolete.
Chuck Norris broke the sound barrier with the Goodyear blimp.
What goes on in Vegas stays in Vegas. What goes on in Chuck Norris' bedroom will haunt your dreams forever.
i will kill u all ps usa is now usck:the united states of Chuck Norris
why did the chicken cross the road.....it didn't Chuck Norris threw it
Chuck Norris thinks you are a dastard and a bastard! So, whataya think can do about that?
This is Chuck Norris. Chuck Norris kills cyclops by punching them between the eyes. Chuck Norris kills all the bad guys without reloading. Chuck Norris is the greatest at being the greatest at everything. NO NOT attempt to be like Chuck.
when you pay taxes, you dont pay them to the goverment. you are actually paying Chuck Norris not to kill you for living on the same land mass as him
Chuck Norris formed the Grand Canyon with his bare hands.
Chuck Norris was worshipped as a god by the Eskimos. That is why they had igloos modelled after his signature move.
Rome wasn't built in a day, but Chuck Norris can destroy it in 2 hours.
Chuck Norris is so u- *gun shot* nhhhhfgressgfhyrvntwscvnutdc
When Chuck Norris was born he round house kicked the Doctor in the face Slow mo' 3 times for slapping his ass.
Freddy fazbear and his friends dont scare Chuck Norris.....Chuck norris beats up Freddy and his friends.
After he came home from his trip to Canada, Chuck Norris drove his Humvee around his neighborhood for five months before anybody had the nerve to tell him he had a moose still strapped to the hood.
Chuck Norris answers the question of his metrosexuality by simply reaching his hand down the front of your pants and popping your balls like grapes.
People cut their own hair, Chuck Norris pulls his own teeth
Chuck Norris always takes ice-cold showers, and he still steams up the bathroom.
Industrial logging isn't the cause of deforestation. Chuck Norris needs toothpicks.
ive heard that Chuck Norris can appear and kill anyone before they can say anything negative about him whatsoever, but even i have a hard time believing that, i mean, not even Chuck Norris could....
A heckler recently insulted Chuck Norris and made him madder than a castrated moose. It didnt end well for the heckler.
Chuck Norris doesn't look at the weather forecast. He DECIDES what the weather will be.
God comes over to Chuck Norrises house to borrow sugar
Only snails and garden slugs produce more lovemaking slime than Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris had appendicitis so he removed his appendix with his pocket knife and closed the wound with a staple gun.
Once a panhandler approached Chuck Norris and asked him for some change. Chuck Norris generously gave the poor man a quarter roundhouse kick and sent him hurtling into outer space at the speed of light.
Today is Chuck Norris' birthday. But he will not age.
Chuck Norris made Dave Grohl his monkey wrench.
Chuck Norris doesn't have to connect to knock you out with a roundhouse kick. He just needs to come close and the wind does the rest
SpongeBob SquarePants has been expunged by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can play Xbox Kinect games on his PlayStation4 and PlayStation Move games on his Xbox 720.
jonson theeee weeeed is not as good as Chuck Norris. chuck has a massive penis
Listen. Understand. Chuck Norris is out there. He can't be reasoned with, he can't be bargained with...he doesn't feel pity of remorse or fear... and he absolutely will not stop. Ever. Until you are dead.
Chuck Norris once threw a 98 yard touchdown pass to defeat the Chicago Cubs, 6 to 0.
Chuck Norris Can See Thunder.
Chuck Norris is allowed to say "ni" to The Knights Who Say Ni.
Luke's father is not Darth Vader. It's Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris shaves his beard, it grows back within three minutes. That's why his early movies were so damn hard to film.
Most people turn to stone when they gaze in Madusa's eyes for a split second. Chuck Norris looked that bitch in the face for five minutes and got her pregnant.
I like this website alot, but im just warning you guys might have to shut it down soon... Chuck Norris is gonna have a few "words" is he ever learns you guys added a letter to his name..
The mayor of San Antonio, TX has hired Chuck Norris to lite his farts for the evening 4th of July fireworks program.
Chuck Norris doesn't commit susicide, susicide commits him
Recent testimonials from women worldwide have equated Chuck Norris' penis to that of a rivet gun.
Chuck Norris is responsible for China's over-population. He hosted a Karate tournament in Beijing and all women within 1,000 miles became pregnant instantly.
When Chuck Norris is a contestant on "Jeopardy," he can answer in any form he damn well chooses.
The city of Pompeii was not destroyed by a volcanic eruption, but rather an eruption from Chuck Norris after having eaten a truckload of Southern Homestyle Chili.
Rome was not built in day because Chuck Norris was not there to do the job right.
When Chuck Norris buys a house, the realtor pays Chuck a commission.
Chuck Norris can play Blue's Clues. Without Clues.
Google doesn't search for Chuck Norris. It knows you don't find Chuck Norris, Chuck Norris finds you.
Chuck Norris once got an Apache Helicopter pregnant.
Chuck Norris had to stop setting his phone to vibrate, the earthqaukes where killing people.
The four corners of the Earth are all in Chuck Norris' back yard
Chuck Norris has such a high sperm count that women have to chew before they swallow. That is if they dont drowned.
Only Expendables 2 earned its title as an All Star Movie, and that was merely by the introduction of Chuck Norris.
When Chuck Norris was a bartender he invented a drink called the "Colon Slammer". It was made with Vodka and Prune juice.
A Jehovah witness once knocked on Chuck Norris door. Chuck Norris let the Jehovah witness into the house and then roundhouse kicked him out the window. The man tried to sue Chuck Norris for assault but could not prove anything since there was no witnesses.
Chuck Norris pees pure arsenic.
Chuck Norris once broke Mach 2 while jogging.
Question: What does LKCG stand for? Answer: Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris taught Albert Einstein e=mc^2
Chuck Norris once stared at a solar eclipse using a pair of binoculars. The seared binoculars are now the world's first dual lense 3D kaleidoscope.
Chuck Norris describes human beings as "a sociable holder for blood and guts".
the boogie man was created after Chuck Norris sneezed
Cars were invented to have a faster way of fleeing from Chuck Norris. Not to be outdone, Chuck Norris invented the car accident..
