Chuck Norris was born at the speed of sound into the forehead of a Nazi.
One time Chuck Norris ran backwards so fast he reversed time, not possible eh well try this martin luther king jr. getting hit in the head with a brick.....twice sound familiur welll its not but try telling Chuck Norris that.
Chuck Norris has a heart as black and cold as the most lifeless corners of outer space.
Once while walking a nature trail, Chuck Norris observed a hornets nest hanging from a tree limb. He knocked it down with a roundhouse kick just for the fun of pulling the stingers out of the ass of each one of 500 pissed off hornets.
The is more than one way to skin a cat. Chuck Norris knows thousands. It was a childhood hobby
Chuck Norris uses waffle-makers as foot spas.
One time Chuck Norris had an awkward moment just to see what it felt like
July 4th is Independence day. And the day Chuck Norris was born. Coincidence? I think not.
When Chuck Norris plays pokemon red, his starter pokemon choices are: Darkrai, Arceus, and Missingno. He, of course, takes them all and is ALREADY a pokemon champion.
Chuck Norris recently hired himself as his new major-domo.
Chuck Norris once killed a rabbit with a piece of paper
In the beginning there was nothing...then Chuck Norris Roundhouse kicked that nothing in the face and said "Get a job". That is the story of the universe.
Chuck Norris doesn't bend light.... he breaks it.
Chuck Norris breaks the 2nd law of thermodynamics every time he cleans his house.
The DeathStar wasn't a destroying machine, it was one of Chuck Norris' balls.
If you ever find yourself screaming Chuck Norris' name during sex, then you must send a cheque of your life savings to him and immediately commit suicide.
Sometimes people die though they deserve to live. None of those people were killed by Chuck Norris. When Chuck Norris kills someone, they damn well deserve it.
There are two types of people in the world: those who have been killed by Chuck Norris, and those who will be.
Every year Chuck Norris' birthday, March 10 is celebrated as Voluntary Roundhouse Kick Day. On this special day people volunteer to be roundhouse kicked by Chuck Norris in the face to show him how much he is loved. The next day, Chuck Norris hunts down everyone who didn't volunteer and roundhouse kick them for offending him.
Ironicaly, Chuck Norris lives in a round house.
Elmo was originally blue and had a deep voice. Then Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him 4 times. The last kick changed his voice.
Chuck Norris is the reason the BeeGees sing "Staying Alive"
Stop signs are actually warnings that Chuck Norris is passing by.
Chuck Norris decides the winner of American Idol.
Chuck Norris knows the wrong way to eat a reeses
Chuck Norris never dances, he prefers roundhouse-kicking.
When Chuck Norris was born, he immediately had sex with the first nurse he saw. He was her first. She was his third. That afternoon.
The only vegetable Chuck Norris ever ate was Christopher Reeve.
Chuck Norris is James Bond's wingman.
The Terminator said "I'll be back" He meant to say " I'll be back with Chuck Norris"
Chuck Norris once sawed a man in half..... With his beard.
Chuck Norris rocks a sweet beard of power.
Chuck Norris can make a message in Cheerios, without using the letter "O."
MacGyver immediately tried to make a bomb out of some Q-Tips and Gatorade, but Chuck Norris roundhouse-kicked him in the solar plexus. MacGyver promptly threw up his own heart.
Chuck Norris could tell you his secret, but theres 1 requirement. You must die.
Chuck Norris can beat you up with a grain of sand
Chuck Norris uses the HOV lane by himself.
A Chuck Norris sneeze packs enough power and steam to launch a fully loaded F/A-18 of the deck of an aircraft carrier.
Chuck Norris always have butterflies in his stomach because he eats butterflies for breakfast
Chuck Norris solved the Travelling Salesman problem in O(1) time. Here's the pseudo-code: Break salesman into N pieces. Kick each piece to a different city.
Chuck Norris eats haggis just for the fun.
When Chuck Norris recycles paper it turns right back into trees
Chuck Norris doesnt call the wrong number you answer the wrong phone
Chuck Norris can kill you with a cotton ball.
Chuck Norris paid a dime for a 50 cent candy bar and got $3.75 back in change.
Chuck Norris favorite color is pink. No homo.
The reason babies cry when they are born is because Chuck Norris isn't there daddy.
When Chuck Norris plays Oregon Trail, his family does not die from cholera or dysentery, but rather, roundhouse kicks to the face. He also requires no wagon, since he carries the oxen, axels, and buffalo meat on his back. He always makes it to Oregon before you.
Chuck Norris' tears can cure cancer; to bad he never cries
Chuck Norris once needed hemorrhoid surgery. After breaking 2 sets of bolt cutters and a chainsaw, doctors had to deploy 2 bunker blaster bombs and an acetylene torch to adequately complete the surgery.
Chuck Norris literally shits bricks. These bricks have been used to build 17 orphanages in his lifetime. Ironically, Chuck's favorite pasttime is burning down orphanages.
The rock band Queen wrote the song "We will rock you" about Chuck Norris fists.
Five Finger Death Punch and Twelve Foot Ninja are rock bands named after the way Chuck Norris killed a giant ninja.
Chuck Norris is all five Beatles.
Steven Seagal once took a swing at Chuck Norris. Seagal now runs like a girl in ever film he's in.
Chuck Norris can score a hole in zero in golf.
Chuck Norris qualified with a top speed of 324 mph at the Daytona 500, without a car.
only Chuck Norris can plug up the black hole just by his shit
The greatest discovery of mankind is Chuck Norris. You don't have to ask 'why?'.
Chuck Norris' beard is like the facehugger from Alien.
Chuck Norris went to the white house and crapped and pissed on President Barack Obama's desk, just because he is Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris tattooed his name onto Satan's penis at his request. Then roundhouse-kicked him.
When Chuck Norris calls you your options are "Answer" or "Answer".
Chuck Norris uses pens on Scantron sheets.
Flash the superhero tried running from Chuck Norris.....he didnt get far
Chuck Norris attended last year's Nobel Prize ceremony wearing an all-white snakeskin pimp suit with matching widebrim hat and feather.
Robocops' four prime directives: 1-Serve the public trust. 2-Protect the innocent. 3-Uphold the law. 4-Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris walked into a gay bar and came out with cindy crawford chuck gets the women anytime anywhere.
Chuck Norris can compare apples to oranges.
President Reagan's "Star Wars" anti-missile plan was just a cover for his true idea to destroy incoming Soviet nukes: Chuck Norris in his backyard ready to shoot them down with his M-16. Secret tests showed that no missiles ever got past Chuck.
Chuck Norris installed Skynet on his iPod.
Jason didn't drown Chuck Norris pulled him under
Sticks and stones may break your bones, but a Chuck Norris glare will liquefy your kidneys.
Chuck Norris knows the other fourteen letters of the alphabet.
Chuck Norris farted once... and then there was the great Rift Valley
I dared to look Chuck Norris in the eye - now I don't have a soul.
James Bond says his name twice to introduce himself. Chuck Norris just roundhouse kicks you in the face.
Chuck Norris dosn't climb mountains; mountains climb Chuck Norris.
For undercover police work, Chuck Norris pins his badge underneath his shirt, directly into his chest.
Whoever said "Close enough only works for horseshoes and hand grenades" obviously never witnessed what happens to people within a mile of a Chuck Norris roundhouse kick.
The only thing that can compare to Chuck Norris's dick is a giant spiked dildo
Dos Equis' "most interesting man in the worls" asks Chuck Norris for advice
Chuck Norris' tears can cure cancer; to bad he never cries
Chuck Norris recently got a prince albert piercing the size of a dumbbell.
CHUCK NORRIS CAN EAT WATER WITH A FORK
There is a Chuck Norris fact number zero, but those who read it will get blind because that was Chuck Norrir's first created by Chuck Norris himself.
When Chuck Norris strangles an alligator, he gets Gatorade.
The Running of the Bulls is explained by the fact that the bulls are running away from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris is actually a sensitive, caring lover... because he knows that if he doesn't kill you immediately after, you will be in constant agony knowing you will NEVER have it better.
Chuck Norris invented teabagging when he was having sex with Queen Elizabeth
If you asked Chuck Norris how many houses he could build out the skulls of his enemies, he would ask you how many graveyards there are in the world.
The reason why Chuck Norris is such a badass is he thought all the yo momma jokes were written about his mother.
Chuck Norris is a man of action.
Chuck Norris doesn't make love. He re-invents it
Chuck Norris isn't gay, he's just run out of women
Osama Bin Laden wasn't that good at hiding. Obama just had to pay Chuck Norris to go on holiday for one night
Chuck Norris doesn't 'give you a wedgie'; he slices you in half with your own underwear.
The city of Pompeii was not destroyed by a volcanic eruption, but rather an eruption from Chuck Norris after having eaten a truckload of Southern Homestyle Chili.
The japanese exclamation "HADOUKEN!!!" means "I CHANNEL SOME OF CHUCK NORRIS' ENERGY!!!!!!!!!!!!!" If you say it correctly whilst holding your hands in front of you, you might emit a huge blast of pyrokinetic energy. Or you may just piss Chuck off.
Chuck Norris was on safari in Africa when his rifle jammed. He still took his trophy lion by chasing it down and choking it out with his bare hands.
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked a man with a merciful glancing blow to the forehead. And as a result, the man now has a fivehead.
Chuck Norris can catch a fly with his eyelids.
Chuck Norris has never shot a round of golf with a score above -73. It would have been -76 but the Eagle he shot on the Par 5, 17th hole was still in flight when he hit it.
Chuck Norris doesn't need sunblock. The Sun needs Chuck Norris block, CNPF (Chuck Norris Protection Factor) 1000000000000000
Chuck Norris once roundhouse kicked someone so hard that his foot broke the speed of light, went back in time, and killed Amelia Earhart while she was flying over the Pacific Ocean.
In science, the hydrologic cycle is simply the process of Chuck Norris watering the garden to keep his feeding supply fresh.
Chuck Norris taught Prometheus how to wipe his ass.
Chuck Norris has been meaning to get a penis reduction for years now, but his pride won't allow him to accept the countless invitations from limping, bow-legged women to pay for the procedure.
If Chuck Norris had signed on to be on NBC's A-Team, the team would have needed only one member.
Chuck Norris once had a heckler call him "Chuckie". Chuck kicked him so hard he was arrested for speeding 2 blocks away.
Chuck Norris broke the speed of sound. With his elbow.
Chuck Norris requires a recking ball to bowl
Step 1: Not giving a shit about the third world. Step 2: An M16 Assault Rifle. Step 3: Chuck Norris.
The REAL reason why Hitler killed himself was because he found out that Chuck Norris is Jewish.
If they couldn't get John Malkovich for the movie 'Being John Malkovich', they would have simply changed it to 'Being Chuck Norris', and made a porno.
There are 5 rules that can be applied to almost every Chuck Norris movie. Rule 1: Chuck Norris never reloads Rule 2: Chuck Norris always hits first Rule 3: You can't run or hide from Chuck Norris Rule 4: Everything he touches becomes a weapon Rule 5: Chuck Norris never miss his targets
In one particularly gruesome confrontation, Chuck Norris shaved all the hair off of a man's head and then forced him to eat it. That man today is Vin Diesel.
we pray for god.god prays for Chuck Norris
In Left 4 Dead: If you startle the witch she runs to you and kills you. If Chuck norris startle the witch she tries to run away but always ends up being raped and roundhouse kicked to death
Chuck Norris always carries Pepper Spray.......In case he feels like some sweets.
St. Paul once said "The letter killeth, but the spirit giveth life". He forget to add that Chuck Norris can "killeth the spirit and taketh life away".
Superman is based off of Chuck Norris: They both are unstoppable.
Chuck Norris has proven we are alone in the universe. We eren't before his first space expidition.
I dont care how you, anyone you know, or anyone in general, Chuck Norris is the reason.
If you toss a coin with Chuck Norris, and say "heads I win, tails you lose" Chuck Norris will still win.
Chuck Norris can kill godzilla by saying roar
Chuck Norris can sing "Yankee Doodle Dandy" in a Jamaican Reggae voice.
Chuck Norris gave birth to himself.
The color brown exists because Chuck Norris scared the shit out of while.
CHUCK NORRIS IS NOT A LEGEND ...
Chuck Norris does not dodge bullets, bullets dodge him out of fear.
The meteor that blew up over Chelyabinsk was Chuck Norris's Valentine ejaculation to the women of Russia. It took 24 hours to get there from Lone Wolf Ranch, Texas.
The Zohan doesn't mess with Chuck Norris.
Arnold Schwarzenegger always says he'll be back. But Chuck Norris always handles things the first time
Chuck Norris starred in all the 6 Star Wars&#65279; films... as the Force.
Chuck Norris can block a punch with his face
Chuck Norris is 1/8th Cherokee. This has nothing to do with ancestry, the man ate a fucking Indian.
The only thing scarier than a black hole is a Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can kill you fifteen times before you even realize you crossed his property line.
If Chuck Norris is in your hometown your SCREWED!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Chuck Norris once pissed on an electric fence. This took down the power grid in Texas, Oklahoma, Arizona and parts of southern Utah.
Chuck Norris played Doom in the Nightmare level, without being hit. All of them.
FATWA senders-- Molly Norris is Chuck Norris's little sister
Chuck Norris does not follow fashion trends, they follow him. But then he turns around and kicks their ass. Nobody follows Chuck Norris.
the tide recedes because it knows Chuck Norris is coming
In the beginning there was nothing, then Chuck Norris kicked that nothing in the face and said "Get a job!!"... And that's the story of the universe.
Chuck Norris demands a 29th day of February every 4 years. We call this leap year. It's true name is leapspinkick year.
Chuck Norris created facebook so that he can track everyone on the planet
If you stab Chuck Norris with a knife, the knife bleeds..
Sir Issac Newton developed his groundbreaking theories on gravitation after he recovered from being almost killed by an apple thrown by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris knows Italian fluently, but prefers to let his roundhouse kicks to do the talking when in Rome.
A man walks up to Chuck Norris and ask for a lite...May he rest in peace.
Chuck Norris can burn a fire.
Chuck Norris does not teabag the ladies. He potato-sacks them.
Chuck Norris doesn't need contact lenses. He'll just shoot two woks.
"Let the Bodies Hit the Floor" was originally written as Chuck Norris' theme song.
Chuck Norris was a stowaway on board Apollo 13. When the astronauts encountered problems, Chuck took over the craft, and successfully navigated it back to earth to splash down in the Pacific. He told the pussies to keep it a secret or he would track them down and kill them. He then swam away before the recovery ship arrived.
Chuck Norris can hear and speak sign language.
Chuck Norris can beatbox at over 500 bpm.
Chuck Norris is the only person on earth who can make a mullet look cool.
Chuck Norris cures women with aids by fucking them
Chuck Norris won master chef Australia by cooking 2 minute noodles.
by reading this you have given Chuck Norris brief control over your mind
While riding on a horse, Christopher Reeve once insulted Chuck Norris.
If you ask Chuck Norris what time it is, he always says, "Two seconds 'til." After you ask, "Two seconds 'til what?" he roundhouse kicks you in the face.
Chuck Norris was once so drunk that he tripped and the ejecta that was launched into outer space formed the moon.
Nothing in the known universe is more badass than Chuck Norris.
Paparazzi stay the FUCK away from Chuck Norris
The Marquis de Sade invented wrought iron testicle clamps. Chuck Norris univented them which is why you've never heard of them before. Chuck Norris prefers to destroy your balls with a roundhouse kick.
The film Hellbound is actually a documentary. Satan has, in fact, been dead since 1994, when Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him.
11. Chuck norris does not donate to charities 12. Chuck norris doesnt belueve he can fly
Chuck Norris can headbutt himself in the face.
Chuck Norris doesn't cut the grass, he dares it to grow
Chuck Norris once sailed around the world and found a shortcut.
when Chuck Norris was on the electric chair and was asked his last words he said "hit the switch and start praying"
As a one-man band, Chuck Norris can do note-perfect renditions of Slipknot songs.
pearld harbour was burned because Chuck Norris pee on that with high explosive urine
Jesus can walk on water Chuck Norris can swim through land
when Chuck Norris deos push ups he deosnt push hiself he pushes the earth down
The duck billed platypus is the result of a duck being roundhouse kicked in the head far to close to a beaver by Chuck Norris. The fact yay they have a pouch is a testament to the genetically altering properties of a Chuck Norris Roundhouse kick to the head.
So you hate Chuck Norris? Well it was nice knowing you. I hope you had good life.
Chuck Norris invented his own type of karate. It's called Chuck-Will-Kill.
Chuck Norris is so great, he can inflict 9999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999999 damage on runescape.
Chuck Norris can lick his eyebrows and breathe through his ears. That's why the ladies love him so much.
Chuck Norris won Iron Chef just by using an easy bake oven.
Chuck Norris is a PhD in Pain. However, his advances in the field of Pleasure have earned him a Nobel Prize.
When Chuck Norris sneezes the rest of the world has 1/16th of an orgasm.
Chuck Norris can lick the live end of a 50,000 watt cable and call it ice-cream.
A penguin once made fun of Chuck Norris. In revenge, he set Antarctica on fire. It was successful.
Chuck Norris knows how many kicks it takes to get to the center of a Tootsie Pop: one
Chuck Norris will never suffer from a demonic possession, but demons can suffer from a Chuck Norris-Possession.
Chuck Norris doesn't pay for sex. Sex pays for Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris got mad at a hamer and round house kicked it in to the first sluge hamer
Chuck Norris invented happiness when he spared a mans life, when the man told his family, Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked him in the jaw thus ending the man and adding another hair to Chuck's beard!
Chuck Norris died years ago death was to scared to tell him
Everyone wonders what caused the Big Bang. Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris has a sign in his front yard that reads, "Beware of Chuck Norris." This is not a joke. He actually has one.
A horse is hung like Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris likes lots of honey on his Texas Toast. That's why he keeps 27 killer bee hives in his livingroom.
If you woke up on Christmas morning to find gifts, you were on Santa's "Nice" list...and Chuck Norris's "Do Not Kill Yet" list.
The NeverEnding Story ended, because Chuck Norris got tired of watching.
Chuck Norris can make a carpet fly
If you were asked to guess how many jellybeans were in a gallon jar as compared to how many of Chuck Norris' testicles would fill a gallon jar and guessed over one, you would be wrong.
Chuck Norris is thankful for everything he's got. And that is everything on this planet, including the planet
Will Weston punched a women in the face. Chuck norris punched a bull dozer in the face. Who is better? you decide
Chuck Norris doesn't have an age - he has a half-life.
When the Lone Ranger & Tonto challenged Chuck Norris to a game of 8 ball, Chuck Norris racked thier balls.
"Doom" -- 1) a popular video game. 2) Your inevitable fate if you fight Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' prostate is used to examine doctor's fingers.
Chuck Norris dis-assimilated The Borg with paperclip and a can opener.
If Chuck Norris was God, there would be no sand but only concrete, no water but only Liquir.
Chuck Norris is a safety issue
When Chuck Norris toured Britain, it inspired the Sex Pistols to write "Anarchy In The UK".
an acorn planted in a pile of Chuck Norris shit will grow into an oak tree overnight
Chuck Norris can speak in cursive.
Chuck Norris likes his ice like he likes his skulls: crushed.
Who let the dogs out? Chuck Norris let the dogs out... and then roundhouse kicked them through an Oldsmobile.
Chuck Norris has the heart of a lion. He keeps it in a shoebox under his bed.
Question: How long does it take for Chuck Norris to watch 60 Minutes? Answer: He's done watching a non-rerun episode 835 years before he starts watching it, and he doesn't even need time travel.
Chuck Norris does not have hemorrhoids. That's because when he feels one growing on his asshole, he pinches it off with his steely fingernails and feeds it to Cedric, his pet tarantula.
the idea for the movie SAW was based off of the accounts of people who went into Chuck Norris' room when he was a kid.
Chuck Norris knows who shot J.R
Chuck Norris doesn't need a Total Gym to work out the Total Gym needs Chuck Norris to work out.
Maslow's theory of higher needs does not apply to Chuck Norris. He only has two needs: killing people and finding people to kill.
Chuck Norris once looked at an inmovable object and it ran in fear.
