Even as a kid, Chuck Norris never went number two. It was at least 4.7 on the Richter scale.
CHUCK NORRIS DOESNT TEA BAG LADIES....HE POTATOE SACK THEM
Chuck Norris can play slide guitar with a beer bottle. Or, failing that, your face.
The band Panic At The Disco got their name when Chuck Norris visited Studio 54.
Chuck Norris built the hospital he was born in
Chuck Norris was recently inducted to the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame for his superlative rendition of the Iron Butterly hit song, "In-A-Gadda-Da-Vida" which he sang while playing his hand made dulcimer.
Leonardo Dicaprio has recurring dreams where Chuck Norris pummels the shit outta him after folding the city in half. Then he wakes up in terror, covered in sweat and with a beard rash on the back of his neck.
Chuck Norris can eat just one Lay's potato chip.
Chuck Norris wants all South Carolina beach goers to feel safe because he will personally be extracting all the teeth from all area sharks this 4th of July weekend.
Chuck Norris turned down the lead role in Shakespeare's Hamlet, citing foul language.
Chuck Norris has a distended scrotum due solely to the size of his three testicles.
A carjacker attempted to take Chuck Norris' Lexus. Chuck pulled him through the window, stuffed the jacker's head up his own ass, then threw him back out the window. Chuck then went for coffee at Starbucks.
While playing Rock Band, Chuck Norris can play air drums and still hit the notes. Going into overdrive without telling him, he instantly gives you a round house kick to the face.
Chuck Norris can floor a millipede.
Celebrities die in threes because for Chuck Norris, killing one celebrity is never enough.
Chuck Norris has a gun rack above his toilet.
Chuck Norris once punched Warren Buffett in the face for refusing to sing the song "Cheeseburger in Paradise".
Chuck Norris has never been dubbed in any film, because his fists do the talking.
When a waiter asks Chuck Norris what he wants to drink, he responds with a roundhouse kick to the face and collecting the waiter's tears in a glass. He drinks them and then tells the waiter for ice next time.
Chuck Norris stole Clara's beef.
I played Madden football 18 times with Chuck Norris back in 2007 and we had the Patriots. Chuck opted to simulate the Super Bowl and the Giants beat us 17-14, coincidence? You be the judge....
When Chuck Norris air guitars, you can hear it playing. If you cannot - your death is imminent.
Chuck Norris shaves his balls with a chainsaw
Chuck Norris can fart the entire Walker, Texas Ranger theme song lyrics in Morris Code.
Steven Seagal has a full sized tattoo of Chuck Norris ass on his face.
When Chuck Norris throws a ball, it crushes someone like a wrecking ball. I blame miley cyrus.
A duck once ruffled it's feathers, stuck it's head under a wing, preened it's tailfeathers then said, "My instincts tell me it's time to fly south for winter". Chuck Norris once ruffled his hair, licked his armpit, stuck his head between his legs, sniffed his crotch then said, "My end stinks too but it didn't say anything about winter travel".
Chuck Norris the reason why jason bourne can't remember his identity.
Texas Tea - Chuck Norris sweat
Chuck Norris once scared a cancer patient out of dying
When Chuck Norris was 2, he was pulled over for doing 35 MPH in a 25 zone on his tricycle.
Chuck Norris doesn't use web standards as the web will conform to him.
Chuck Norris gets 95% in a 50-50 partnership.
Chuck Norris is allowed to say "ni" to The Knights Who Say Ni.
Chuck Norris once had a nightmare. For breakfast.
Chuck Norris burst the dot com bubble.
If Barney and Bob the Builder had a swimming contest, you know who would win? Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris once took a dump on the African savannah while on safari. Later, 2,300 dung beetles were found OD'ing in a state ecstasy.
God said, "Let there be light!" to which Chuck Norris replied, "Shut the fuck up".
Chuck Norris has the eye of a tiger. And the dick of a moose.
Chuck Norris has a million Espurr. When they hug his legs, you better get the bleep out of there, or else you'll die a death worse than a normal Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. Don't believe me? Have you even READ Espurr's Pokedex entries?
Chuck Norris fact: John Merrick was Chuck Norris' identical twin. Chuck kicked his brothers butt inside his mothers womb for sucking on his thumb. John Merrick is known today as the elephant man.
Little known fact: Chuck Norris was the original lead singer of the British pop band The Smiths. He went by the name Norrissey.
Chuck Norris invented a language that incorporates karate and roundhouse kicks. So next time Chuck Norris is kicking your ass, don?t be offended or hurt, he may be just trying to tell you he likes your hat.
One time Chuck Norris stared a man to death.
Keep calm and carry on. Or Chuck Norris will kill you.
You know why Steven Segal never removes his pony-tail? Beacause Chuck Norris told him not to.
A penguin once made fun of Chuck Norris. In revenge, he set Antarctica on fire. It was successful.
Chuck Norris can un-fuck a pregnant woman.
Chuck e cheese was actually gonna be called: Chuck Norris cheese. it was then changed for being too violent. Every animatronic for Chuck Norris cheese was violent because they do roundhouse kicks.
The Foo Fighters will soon find Chuck Norris had already fought and killed all the Foo.
it's easier to fight the death than to fight Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris finally defeated Joan Rivers.
If Chuck Norris was the host of Chopped from food network, the one that's been chopped will be literally chopped. Luck is what you need. XD
Chuck Norris doesn't wear condoms because there's no protections from Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' wife didn't take his name after they were married. She took it after their engagement.
Chuck Norris was once in Russia, people now remember it as "In Soviet Russia"
On his first day at boot camp, young Chuck Norris was told by the drill sergeant to 'drop and give me twenty'. Naturally, Chuck roundhouse-kicked the asshole into the next state and was promoted to general later that day.
Chuck Norris catches chopsticks with flies.
Chuck Norris can understand Van Damme.
Chuck Norris once spit through a man's skull.
Chuck Norris doesn't commit susicide, susicide commits him
A bulletproof jacket is an imitation of Chuck Norris' beard
Chuck Norris once walked into a feminist convention wearing a 'No Fat Chick' t-shirt, and ended up having sex with over twenty lesbians.
they say Santa comes once a yer Chuck Norris comes twice a year
Chuck Norris could tell you his secret, but theres 1 requirement. You must die.
The only way to defeat Chuck Norris is to kill yourself, and beat him to the punch
Sticks and stones may break your bones, but a Chuck Norris glare will liquefy your kidneys.
If you ever talk to a woman who has been on a date with Chuck Norris, and she says, "he was a little pushy", you know she's lying. Chuck Norris isn't 'a little' anything.
Chuck Norris pops his own pimples with a gun
Chuck Norris is the way the cookie crumbles.
Chuck Norris has no friends on Facebook. Just enemies.
King Canute failed when he tried to make the ocean waves obey him. Chuck Norris succeeded.
Chuck Norris can read the top 10 Chuck Norris facts... Without even slightly grinning.
If you see Chuck Norris screwing your mother, DO NOT APPROACH HIM. Just ignore all of the epic music playing, the explosions and the birds trying to fly in the window, and prepare a grave for her.
Chuck Norris has never used a #2 pencil. Only #1 is acceptable to him.
Senpai notices Chuck Norris. and im pretty sure Chuck Norris likes it.
Chuck Norris strapped a bomb onto himself and ran for an Al-Qaeda camp. Once there, he triggered it and kept on running.
Wendy's asked where's the beef? and Chuck Norris found it, at chick-fil-a
Hitler killed him self because he found out Chuck Norris is jewish.
Chuck Norris doesn't take an arrow to the knee, he takes his knee to the arrow
stars wish upon a Chuck Norris
When Chuck Norris tears out your heart and squeezes with one hand, the immense pressure results in a blood diamond
Pain and death is what Chuck Norris makes it.
When Chuck Norris was little, he once played with some blocks. Those blocks today are known as the Stone Henge.
Chuck Norris can play the violin with a piano
Chuck Norris doesn't know karate. Karate knows Chuck Norris - as its only master.
Sauron's ring was actually Chuck Norris', and if he'd known he'd of kicked Frodo's arse.
11. Chuck norris does not donate to charities 12. Chuck norris doesnt belueve he can fly
Chuck Norris invented time travel. He's roundhouse kicked 170,000 people into next week thus far.
Chuck Norris is a kind, sweet, gentle, caring and generous human being with big heart, AND HE WILL FUCKING KILL ANYONE WHO SAYS OTHERWISE!!!
Chuck Norris' dog once ran into the street, and a car got ran over by it
When Chuck Norris watches a movie, you can notice an unmistakable fear on the faces of the actors on the screen.
When Chuck Norris makes a play on words, it becomes a broadway hit.
Chuck Norris throws up gang-signs that don't exist in this dimension.
'Cthulhu' is simply Chuck Norris misspelled.
A reporter once referred to Chuck Norris as a 'God-fearing patriot'. Upon reading the article, Chuck Norris immediately sprinted to the fucker's bomb shelter and turned him into hummous. Chuck Norris fears nothing.
Chuck Norris doesn't dial the wrong number. You answered the wrong phone.
If you ever piss Chuck Norris off while he is standing in the light of a full moon, he will naturally turn into a werechuck and fuck you right the hell on up.
Chuck Norris doesn't need haircuts because his hair knows when to back down.
Chuck Norris qualified with a top speed of 324 mph at the Daytona 500, without a car.
Chuck Norris catches up on his paperwork while skydiving.
The only man alive that scares Chuck Norris is Chuck Norris.
The only time Chuck Norris has ever had his butt whooped is when the doctor did it when he was born. The Dr. has been in hiding ever since.
Chuck Norris once removed a thorn from Big Foot's little toe. That's why it's impossible to track Chuck Norris through the wilderness because Big Foot covers his trail with his own footprints.
Freddy Krueger has nightmares about Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris' beard survives by absorbing other beards.
Chuck Norris once sang "Twinkle, Twinkle, Little Star" at a karaoke bar. Understandably, there were no survivors.
Chuck Norris dosnt need a keyboard he tells the computer to write something and it does
Chuck Norris won on TV's "Jeopardy" game show by answering every question with "Who is Chuck Norris".
The One ring from LOTR is an undigested cheerio that Chuck Norris had for breakfast.
When Chuck Norris calls you your options are "Answer" or "Answer".
There are only two things that can cut diamonds: other diamonds, and Chuck Norris.
After seeing ''The Blair Witch Project'', Chuck Norris went into the woods, found the Blair Witch, and roundhouse-kicked it repeatedly until it died. When Chuck Norris pays 6 dollars to see a witch movie, you'd better show him a fuckin' witch.
Einstein was a genius. Chuck Norris is a genios, genious, and a genius.
Scotty in Star Trek often says "Ye cannae change the laws of physics." This is untrue. Chuck Norris can change the laws of physics. With his fists.
Chuck Norris didnt ask jesus to forgive him for his sins he simply apologized for giving jesus's dad so many dead costermers
Chuck Norris can exist in two or more places at the same time.
If the Grinch stole Chuck Norris's Chrismas, He has 3 seconds to give it back.
Chuck Norris frequently gets challenged to compare penis sizes with smartasses. Chuck always simply pulls out enough to win.
Chuck Norris' favourite word: chunk.
how much wood would a wood chuck chuck if the wood chuck was Chuck Norris...all of it...and them some.
Chuck Norris can run a nuclear power station using a rowing machine.
Chuck Norris can cut a diamond with a spoon
Chuck Norris is embarrassed by this A.Canturbury and pHil. With these terrible jokes I know they have to be the same person. Quality not quantity guys. Come on
Due to the high volume of complaints from victums having a boot removed from their ass, Preparation-H has been Chuck Norris approved.
Chuck Norris can make a Snooker 147 maximum break with a single shot.
Thanks to Chuck Norris, the astrological sign 'Virgo' will now have to be renamed 'Pregno'.
Chuck Norris was once a guest on Top Gear. Chuck and his 18 wheeler beat The Stig's in a Veyron best lap by 14 seconds. Lucky Chuck Norris only had to change one tyre.
Chuck Norris "Hit the Road" and came back
If released, the four-hour Chuck Norris/Kim Kardashian sex-tape will literally break the internet.
Not even a fictional Chuck Norris elf would ever sing "Dawn we now our gay apparel, Fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la".
Chuck Norris doesn't have aids. But he gives it to people anyways.
Chuck Norris once made an ass out of himself on national TV, So the Legend of Chuck Norris exploded from the internet and beat him to death on national TV, showing that not even Chuck Norris is safe from Chuck Norris
One time, Chuck Norris accidentally stubbed his toe. It destroyed the entire state of Ohio.
The reason Link can't speak is because he got a roundhouse kick in the throat by an unidentified bearded man "Scientists believe him to be Chuck Norris"
Chuck Norris always cut his birthday cake with a chainsaw.
the titanic did not hit an iceberg and sink, Chuck Norris hit the titanic
Chuck Norris doesn't go to the bathroom, the bathroom goes to Chuck Norris
Roses are red, violets are blue, and Chuck Norris' right boot-heel can fucking END you.
Chuck Norris and Justin Bieber hang out in Minecraft... Justin: Ok, tell me... how did you find redstone at level 80 without any mods? Chuck: Don't you remember? Justin: Oh, right. I forgot. Chuck Norris can find redstone anywhere in Minecraft.
Chuck Norris has an 8 millionth degree black belt.
There is a light at the end of every tunnel, just pray it's not the frieght train called Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris does not dream.
Chuck Norris can hit Mach 3 in his hot-air balloon.
Chuck Norris does not face the music. The music faces Chuck Norris!
Chuck Norris once ripped the eyeballs out of Great Horned Owl and wore them around as night vision goggles.
Chuck Norris blows more testosterone into a handkerchief than Arnie can ever hope to have.
Chuck Norris can reverse Convection.
All is fair in love and war................ Except when Chuck Norris breaks out the grenades
Chuck Norris can murder you with his tonsils.
Chuck Norris' hard stare can win a staring contest with a $1 bill.
Chuck Norris has volunteered to remain on earth after the Rapture; he will spend his time fighting the Anti-Christ.
Believe it or not, people living in the jungles of Southeast Asia wore a Chuck Norris face mask on the back of their heads to prevent tigers from attacking them from behind.
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet...He just scares the shit right out of it!
If you see Chuck Norris fighting a bear, don't help Chuck Norris, help the bear. "
Chuck Norris taught a cat to play fetch
Chuck Norris don't have an adam's apple. He has throat testicles.
Sharks go Chuck Norris diving
If you've met a woman with crooked teeth, you've met a woman who has given Chuck Norris a blowjob.
Chuck Norris once single handedly killed 97 Afghan terrorists with his M-16 assault rifle. Then he flipped off the safety and shot 500 more of them.
Chuck Norris can call himself on his own cell phone and not get a busy signal.
Chuck Norris eats honey badgers for breakfast
Life is like a brutal Chuck Norris roundhouse kick. It's more spectacular than you will ever know.
Chuck Norris threw a grenade that killed 100 people it then exploded
Chuck Norris can create a rock so big he can't lift it, then hurl it through your kidneys, then make a bigger rock and lift it.
Chuck Norris is the last moeheican. And the first one.
Chuck Norris can lead a horse to water AND make it drink.
Reportedly, the moment Chuck Norris was born, Hitler's actual jaw spontaneously dislocated.
Chuck Norris always signs his cheques with a bigass peacock feather.
Chuck Norris' first name is The.
Chuck Norris has an 8 millionth degree black belt.
A man once told Chuck Norris that he and everyone would be wise to learn to "expect the unexpected" in life's journey. Chuck Norris then immediately roundhouse kicked the man in the face and said, "did you expect that?"
Chuck Norris is a @$$ weeeeeeeeeeeeeee
CHUCK NORRIS CAN GARGLE PEANUT BUTTER
Chuck Norris won the Tour De France on a stationary bike.
God rested on the seventh day because Chuck Norris isn't that much of a slave driver.
If you ever suggest that Chuck Norris might be gay, make no mistake, you will be dead before you even see the movement in the darkness.
Darwins theory of evoloution ape animal caveman human Chuck Norris
Chuck Norris can put a plane in reverse.
Grandma got run over by a reindeer. Then Chuck Norris finished her off by running over her in his Hummer.
Google won't search for Chuck Norris because it knows you don't find Chuck Norris, he finds you.
once, while having sex in a tractor trailer, a drop of Chuck Norris's sperm escaped into the motor.....we now know this truck as Optimus Prime!
Chuck Norris recently got a prince albert piercing the size of a dumbbell.
Chuck Norris recently appeared in a special episode of "Behind The Beard" to talk about his life, acting career, his epic sexual virility, his boots, beer, his current kill count (rounded down to the nearest thousand), martial arts, death, whiskey and his penis.
Some of the bands Chuck Norris formed when in high school - The Roundhouses, Death From Foot Left, Way Of The Dragon, The Chuck Norris Experience, Deathkill, Delta Force 3000, Sergent Norris' Rip Out Hearts Club Band, Norrisphere, Truckload O Chuck and Booya.
Bigfoot has plaster casts of Chuck Norris' foot prints.
The reason Chuck Norris's shoes are brown is because the shit from peoples ass is caked onto his shoes from kicking their ass that hard.
Chuck Norris Installed linux in his sand watch
The Mona Lisa is based on a peice of toilet paper used by Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can play super mario on SEGA
Chuck Norris is so hot that his fists have sex with his dick.
Women line up just for the thrill of giving Chuck Norris a hickey on his hemorrhoids.
The real reason Hitler killed himself was because he found out Chuck Norris was Jewish
The local name for Mt. Everest means "Mountain almost as large as the manhood of Chuck Norris."
Davy Crockett shot his first bear when he was only 3. Chuck Norris roundhouse kicked his first bear into oblivion when he was only 6 months old.
When Chuck Norris air guitars, you can hear it playing. If you cannot - your death is imminent.
Chuck Norris could drop kick you thru the telephone on an international long distance call, reverse the charges and you would accept them.
Chuck Norris will soon open his own fried chicken restaurant chain: RKC-- Roundhouse Kickin' Chicken.
Chuck Norris can read the top 10 Chuck Norris facts... Without even slightly grinning.
